I think one of the most exciting
things that people don't really
realize is that birds are living
dinosaurs and dinosaurs giving
rise to birds probably did the
same thing that birds to and
virtually all birds use their
feathers for display you think
about a triceratops something
they have his huge fan basically
on the back of their head and
there's no evidence that
Triceratops used its horns for
any kind of aggressive behavior
because as they got bigger and
bigger their horns became hollow
and their shields became very
thin they were probably all for
display and cuz they're
displaying very much liked Birds
more than likely dinosaurs dance
like birds kind of dances that
you might imagine with dinosaurs
they would be spectacular
looking and it would be
spectacular motion it's all
speculation trying to figure out
how they're going to display but
that's pretty cool if you look
at the brain it looks like
multiple Grand Canyon's if you
look at a mouse-brain you don't
see that it's very smooth the
outer mantle of the brain the
cortex is very smooth and mouse
but we have all these grooves
and valleys in human brain